the crowd was small for so many people
the stadium was literally split
red-black gadget to another goal
alvinegra
the Flemish was the first to enter the field
not in the bleachers
after the turn of the botafogo daltro
playing with the two teams started
This free kick by airton forced the keeper to
the human face
great defense
the Flemish response also came in the charge of a foul
three networks
everything came out in front
the talking Norman left the goalkeeper beaten Lucio made the red-black in the
at high
the botafogo reacted left-handed throw in the area and a defender on the bench
there is only a head
when he came up alone he nodded in style
all the same
after the goal conceded the flamengo started up the botafogo in the play by the
left the fiction crossed and romario is timely
donate network
The saga of Botafogo alleges that the little man straightened the ball with the
or for another year
the cleverness of a closet
see here beauty villain been attacker eliandro he got rid of the zaga and sent
a natural rocket
the danger woke the botafogo
at the end of the first half
aírton almost makes an Olympic goal in the foul miss she wasted
in the second half the botafogo came back with an even stronger rhythm
I saw the tie arrived soon
on a set kick valter pulled hit the crossbar
who also knows the
the referee luciano almeyda committed another serious mistake in the match
in this botafogo attack
after the suffocation in the red-black area baptistinha fell alone
and he gave a penalty
at the time of collection shined the star of the clemer keeper
see how the goalkeeper went in the right place
the punishment came after romario was released in conditions in the exit of
lucio showed how it is done
3 to 2
defender of the small for the delirium of the galera as
the botafogo did not collapse and continued to press the Flemish
after a corner kick in the red-black derby failed ugly and on the left
referee luciano almeida missed again when he did not score this penalty
of narcissus and bibi
note that the flamengo player hit the legs of the mouth striker
At the end of the match Botafogo still had two more chances and left
field with victory graveyard parents
in the first bid he hit the beam
and in the second he tried to cover up the keeper of the Flemish
and made a great defense
and the game ended tied
in the crowd on the board
3 to 3